Handling a Job Offer: Restructure the page to fix lint issues (#30275)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: getting_hired/applying_and_interviewing/handling_an_offer.md

### Introduction

If you kicked butt, you'll get an offer.  That means there's a pretty good chance you'll get to work there, but just remember that not all "offers" (especially verbal-only ones) are actually real.  It's a good time to be happy because you did well but don't expect that it's a done deal.  We've seen companies pull offers for internal reasons or external reasons -- the point is that it happens, so don't go buying a house until you've signed the documents.

### Lesson overview

This section contains a general overview of topics that you will learn in this lesson.

- Learn how to handle an offer and negotiate.

> ### Handling an Offer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Handling an offer
```

Once you've worked through your negotiation and hopefully had the chance to rank multiple offers, the decision must be made.  That's a good choice to have to make.  Congratulations!  Now you get paid to keep learning.

### Assignment

<div class="lesson-content__panel" and markdown="1" attributes>

1. [Ten Rules for Negotiating a Job Offer](https://haseebq.com/my-ten-rules-for-negotiating-a-job-offer/) - Long blog but worth the read to get in the right mindset.
1. [Negotiating your Startup Offer from Rob.by](https://web.archive.org/web/20180626035838/http://rob.by/2013/negotiating-your-startup-job-offer/) gets into the equity component of some offers.

</div>

### Knowledge check

The following questions are an opportunity to reflect on key topics in this lesson. If you can't answer a question, click on it to review the material, but keep in mind you are not expected to memorize or master this knowledge.

> - [How to handle an offer ?](#handling-an-offer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How should you handle an offer?](#handling-an-offer)
```
